docs: fix spec components links (#226)
substrait-io/substrait: site/docs/spec/specification.md

| Priority | Status | Section                                                      | Description                                                  |
| -------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | 1        | wip    | [Simple Types](/types/simple_logical_types#simple-types)                  | A way to describe the set of basic types that will be operated on within a plan. Only includes simple types such as integers and doubles (nothing configurable or compound). |
> |          | wip    | [Compound Types](/types/compound_logical_types#compound-types)              | Expression of types that go beyond simple scalar values. Key concepts here include: configurable types such as fixed length and numeric types as well as compound types such as structs, maps, lists, etc. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1        | wip    | [Simple Types](/types/type_classes#simple-types)                  | A way to describe the set of basic types that will be operated on within a plan. Only includes simple types such as integers and doubles (nothing configurable or compound). |
|          | wip    | [Compound Types](/types/type_classes#compound-types)              | Expression of types that go beyond simple scalar values. Key concepts here include: configurable types such as fixed length and numeric types as well as compound types such as structs, maps, lists, etc. |
```

|          | wip    | [Type Variations](/types/type_variations)                    | Physical variations to base types.                           |

> |          | sketch | [User Defined Types](/types/user_defined_types#user-defined-types)              | Extensions that can be defined for specific IR producers/consumers. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|          | sketch | [User Defined Types](/types/type_classes#user-defined-types)              | Extensions that can be defined for specific IR producers/consumers. |
```
